To get this document started, I have no biases for AI use, but I am very critical of how it's used. AI is a great tool that can generate a lot of code, enabling tasks to be completed quickly, but it can also waste your time. My goal for this project and for this course was to learn as much as possible and refine my skills. Coding with AI was a pitfall I didn't want to fall into, so I avoided using it to write any code. Throughout my development process, I used sources like official library documentation, Stackoverflow, and lots of YouTube to further my understanding. I even created some small mini-projects to practice with the library I was using, PyGame. Though I didn't write any code with AI, I asked how I can improve the readability and the Pythonic conventions in my code, giving me an overview of what I can improve on, not giving me the answers, of course. With AI, I was able to improve reusability, readability, and remove redundancies from my code.

What I learned from using AI in my project is that AI is great for explaining and putting things into perspective, and can be helpful when you draw the line between explanations and answers. Instead of using AI code, I can use AI for pointers and advice on what makes good Python code and pave my own path forward. Using AI in this way gives me the opportunity to learn what I'm putting down and how I can manipulate it to make it better.

The way I ensured the code I submitted was my own was to not use AI to write code in the first place, using it only for advice on cleanup and ways to improve. AI was not a part of my chaotic process of coding this project, AI produces very polished code and I think my early commits show the opposite of that. Using AI code, I don't think I would be able to explain my own code properly, even if I took the time to go over it many times. As a programmer, I feel it is my right to get my hands dirty and truly understand what I'm putting down. Experience is everything, even the ones where you stare at your computer at 1am for 3 hours straight.
